

#1
this is a simple paragraph that is meant to be nice and easy to type which is why there will be mommas no periods or any capital letters so i guess this means that it cannot really be considered a paragraph but just a series of run on sentences this should help you get faster at typing as im trying not to use too many difficult words in it although i think that i might start making it hard by including some more difficult letters I'm typing pretty quickly so forgive me for any mistakes i think that i will not just tell you a story about the time i went to the zoo and found a monkey and a fox playing together they were so cute and i think that they were not supposed to be in the same cage but they somehow 

#2
Vegetables and fruits are an important part of a healthy diet, and variety is as important as quantity. No single fruit or vegetable provides all of the nutrients you need to be healthy. Eat plenty everyday. A diet rich in vegetables and fruits can lower blood pressure, reduce risk of heart disease and stroke, prevent some types of cancer, lower risk of eye and digestive problems, and have a positive effect upon blood sugar which can help keep appetite in check. Eat a variety of types and colors of produce in order to give your body the mix of nutrients it needs.




#3

A farmer had four sons. They were lazy and idle. In vain, the farmer advised them to do work. One day, the farmer fell ill. On his death-bed, the farmer told his sons that he had buried a big treasure in the land. But the farmer died before he could tell the secret. After the death of their father, the sons dug out the whole land to find the treasure. But they found nothing. On the advice of a wise man, they sowed seeds in the land. They got a good crop. They sold it in the market and earned a lot of money. Then, they saw the wisdom of their father. 




#5
May had seen the little fishing town and had lived it. “The call of the sea must be in my heart.” She thoughts as she walked once again on the hard city streets where she worked. Of course, office and until then they had generally seen eye-to-eye about the details of life. That had been before May went to her relations at the sea for a week. She had returned quite changed. From then on her one thought had been to save enough money to take another week with them in the little house in the little fishing town by the sea. Of course 




#4

It doesn't have to be that difficult to live in an eco-friendly way. Often a big impact comes with only little changes. You don't have to think about how to start - just discover a new use for something you might ordinarily toss. You can also try to reduce the amount of garbage you produce, along with trying to recycle more. Let us look at several ways in which you can try to live in a more eco-friendly way. See to it that you maintain your furnace in efficient working order, because its running costs are so high. Of all the energy used in a family, heating makes up the bulk, around 60%. Operating efficiency will be enhanced by replacing the filter on a two-monthly cycle. Reusable filters, which can 
